hey everyone the cash here back with
another video from Madden 15 today we
begin our first season with the New
Orleans Saints Trey cash signed with the
Saints in the offseason we earned that
first string halfback spot and now our
first career start we are still the
starter at the return position so we
begin this one Rob Bironas the Eagles
kicker
rest in peace Rob Bironas in real life
he passed away but still in the game
kicking the ball here as tre back to
return this one and we begin the 2015
season train not going to get too far
out on this one takes it to the 26 yard
line but now here we go our first plays
as a saint in the backfield looking for
our first carry second and 10 Trey gonna
take this one misses the hole there and
he is only gonna pick up a couple yards
on that carry as now we move ahead here
now third and six as we picked up four
yards on that carry on the halfback
screen here looking for the first time
looking at the block we get deadlocked
we're gonna get that first down as Trey
his first career assumption first career
carry back to back now first and ten
from the 41 Trey up the middle a little
bit better run here gonna pick up six
yards on that carry as we have ten yards
now second and ten from the 46 Breeze in
shotgun Trey to his right pass play here
on the back yard catch I went but
immediately tackled has only got a few
yards four yards on that carry it's now
first and ten Trey taking this one as
again we kind of missed the hole there
the defender sheds the block and he is
going to take us down in your backfield
now second and 10 Trey looking to get
something going here goes up that right
side to the 30 as we pick up five yards
on that carry it's now second and 10
we're looking for the touchdown here on
our first drive Trey go back to the
halfback screen and I take this one
looking for the end zone but we get
slowed up by our blockers in front of us
we're taken down from behind
you know have first and goal here from
the three tray looking for that first
touchdown he's gonna flip the plate ray
up the middle look over the endzone and
he's gonna follow the other on for the
touchdown tray cash his first career
touchdown as a saint as the starting has
started out well it's down 14-7 as we're
in the second quarter no stray straight
up the middle now second and one tray
looking for that first down and he will
get it as he picks up five yards on that
carry 33 yards here on eight carries
it's now second in for tray again going
to get taken down here just short of
that first down is it's gonna be third
and one we do pick up that first down as
it's now first and ten from the 49 tray
with the carry straight up the middle
big hole for tray to get through using
that speed as he's up to 50 yards now we
end up scoring on that drive is now 21
to 7 first and 10 here trachea one on
the edge you gotta pick up that key
block from Jimmy Graham and one man to
beat we're not gonna beat him but all
the way down at the 34 yard line a 27
yard carry there for Trey as we are
nearing 800 yards here in the first half
come out of the back of here we're gonna
catch this one gets tackled immediately
but we get that first down as we were
getting a lot of work here today nearing
the two-minute warning trey with the
carry looking for the block and he is
gonna get taken down at the 4 as we're
now at 84 yards we get that field goal
here the Eagles score went on the third
quarter
24:14 third and inches Trey looking to
pick up the first down and he will do
that and a little more as we pick up six
yards on that carry and we are over 100
for the day our first career actually we
might have got 100 yards last season but
our first career 100-yard day with the
Eagles and we're looking for a little
more here as we break the tackle and we
are off to the races Trey using the
speed one man to beat any bead on Trey
with the long 70 yard touchdown run and
Trey finally able to show off his
talents
as we are looking for a 200-yard day now
it's 38:17 we're in the fourth quarter
first in ten tray gonna pick up four
yards as you see there 186 yards rushing
what a debut for Trey cash on this New
Orleans Saints team first and ten now we
got six minutes to go as we were looking
to eat sometime Trey breaking the tackle
they're just throwing the defender off
him he's up to 192 yards on 20 carries
first and tenth right out of the
backfield gonna catch this screen
looking for a block looking to get that
first down I think he got it yes he did
picks up ten yards on that play actually
no we get 10 yards but second and one we
don't end up going on that drive so now
at the two-minute warning Trey and the
Saints looking to put this game away
second and six we are gonna pick up four
yards so a big third in to play actually
now third and seven after a false start
Trey looking for it
Brees gonna throw here complicit Jimmy
Graham that pass is complete and that
will do it as this game will end a 38 to
17 Trey cash what a debut and he ends up
with 200 yards 22 carries 200 yards two
TDs and let's add on eight catches for
52 yards he leads all receivers in
receptions so 252 yards 30 touches two
TDs what an unbelievable game for Trey
cash and now we move on to week 2 we're
gonna be playing the Dallas Cowboys that
will be a huge game in Cowboys Stadium
you'll see that one next time but that
is going to be it for this one if you
enjoyed it please go ahead and give it a
like I would really appreciate it and
subscribe to see any fugitives that I
make as always thanks for watching and
I'll see you all next time